hi everyone and welcome for this I am warned today to do a tutorial on how
connect the computer
with ps3
alkè first of all to need a king of this is nice ps3
red white and yellow
eder conducted spa
visit h5 whitish cross cooper attach
the three characters
emilio de leonardis fabio of this program
frightened fishermen
director 9
first of all we await
no 3 cables
we connect
to these if the three attacks
in yellow
tub reordering
big
elia. ok
also connected to the door puts the cream on the peng download Chinese
careful turn on
ebay we go on only on the saiber paolo program and pull I'm sick
we are only rentals
aesthetics
tables of neptune
from what is in the south
acquires acquisition
wait for a forest
ok damages irene but you want to make a pass
you have to go to settings
TV settings
wait for company ok
when
settings of yours you have to do with the fort as a city of Vatican josua
all
tsc4 text messengers and agreements
you have to go on nvidia settings because they do
the most beautiful all composed videos
compounds
compositor composed of the most important manuals
I think of you and give me another layer
say nothing
look all black
we have to make videos with post pay
board
ok
you can already register
from your work you expect me to dream by calling
look I haven't completely remote the remote
to record then
the table on this red potentina
to do very true
I don't know when he's recording
after finishing build eh
registration do intercom b
me done ok saved
here you will have your doing nothing
savannah gold panda -
look how it will look
here it is
petitella twitter
here you are
ok
and so this eeeee is the way we are yesterday and the weather
managed to find me to connect ps3
with the pc without using rocco to buy the acquisition card
thanks for the virtualization to the next hello